---
title: "PcAPI_encrypt_name → int"
linkTitle: "PcAPI_encrypt_name → int"
weight: 4
---

### SYNOPSIS
```cpp
#include "PcAPIL.h"

int PcAPI_encrypt_name(
    int api_sid,
    const char *enc_col_name,
    unsigned char *src,
    int src_len,
    unsigned char *dst,
    unsigned int *dst_len
);
```


### DESCRIPTION
The **PcAPI_encrypt_name** function takes in the encryption column name **enc_col_name** generated by Petra Cipher Key Server and the source data **src** to encrypt the source data using the specified encryption column. The **api_sid** parameter should be passed with the session ID returned by calling the PcAPI_getSession function. The session ID is used for communication with Petra Cipher Key Server and is also used for access control to the desired key and user identification in audit data.

The function results in the encrypted data being stored in the **dst** buffer and the length of the encrypted data being stored in the **dst_len** parameter. The dst_len parameter should be at least as large as the size of the dst buffer and should be greater than or equal to src_len. Typically, the size of the dst buffer is about twice the size of the src buffer.

However, because the encrypted data in the dst buffer does not have a final value after executing the PcAPI_encrypt_name function, you need to either cut the data from dst by the length of dst_len to use it or indicate the end of the data by setting `dst[dst_len] = '\0'` if you want to use the dst buffer directly.

### RETURN VALUE
The function returns 0 upon success. 

If an error occurs, it returns an error code less than 0.

### ERRORS
[-30101](../../../error-codes/#-30101), [-30103](../../../error-codes/#-30103), [-30106](../../../error-codes/#-30106), [-30115](../../../error-codes/#-30115), [-30117](../../../error-codes/#-30117), [-30301](../../../error-codes/#-30301), [-30302](../../../error-codes/#-30302), [-30351](../../../error-codes/#-30351), [-30388](../../../error-codes/#-30388)
